About the data exctraction methods

In the analysis, two extraction methods of the data are used.
First, let's define the notion of "excluded year". An excluded year is a year when an inflation or a currency crisis occured.
We choose to exclude those to only capture the effect of banking crises.

1. First method - (files: notebook_method_1 & extraction_method_1)

  Main idea: we keep all the data of inflation and output gap in banking crisis / recovery periods but stop the series if an excluded years occurs

  We extract the data of the inflation rate and output gap during each banking crisis but we stop the exctraction if an excluded year occurs.
  In this case the serie is cut until the excluded year but we keep the serie in our analysis.

  In the extraction of the data during recovery periods, we take into account the data of the recovery of a banking crisis even if an excluded year happened during one year of the banking crisis period.
  We will stop the serie only if an excluded years occurs during the recovery.

2. Second method - (files: notebook_method_2 & extraction_method_2)

  Main idea: we want to use only "clean" data so we choose to remove from the analysis all the banking crisis that contain an excluded year.

  We extract the data of the inflation rate and output gap during each banking crisis but if an excluded year occurs, we consider it as "contaminated data" and exclude it from the analysis.
  In the first part of plotting the average reaction of the inflation rate and output gap according to each crisis length, if an excluded year occurs before arriving to 9 years after this crisis, we drop the serie.

  In the study of the dynamics during crisis and recovery periods we follow the following procedure:
    - In the extraction of the data during recovery periods, we don't take into account the data of the recovery of a banking crisis if an excluded year happened during one year of the banking crisis period.
      We however extract data of recovery periods until another banking crisis occurs or until an excluded year occurs (and in this case we keep the serie).
    - In the extraction of the data during crisis periods, we remove the series that contains excluded years.
